h3. To Do
* -auxiliary table with institutions-
* -auxiliary table with products-
* -auxiliary table with channels-
* -auxiliary table with seasons-
* -auxiliary feeding table to mb_connections-
* ability to upload cvs file
* ability to populate auxilary feeding table with cvs file
* -report valid units/product/month-
* -reports take to previous month by default (one month before current date)-
* report units/channel/month
* report units/institution/month
* -reports with charts-
* -reports with charts being able to be saved in different formats-
* reports can be exported to pdf
* reports can be exported as csv

h4. speed
* cache MbConnections? to increase index response?
* "include" in rails queries to avoid n+1 in sql queries


h3. Install

h4. database

h5. mysql

bc. mysql -u root -p
create database mobile_XXX character set utf8;
create user 'mobile_XXX'@'localhost' identified by 'PASSWORD';
grant all privileges on mobile_XXX.* to 'mobile_XXX'@'localhost' identified by 'PASSWORD';

h5. sqlite3

bc. sqlite3 <database>

h4. highcharts
* //= require highcharts in app/assets/javascripts/application.js 
* //= require modules/exporting.js in app/assets/javascripts/application.js and copy modules/exporting.js to vendor/assets/javascripts/

h4. datapicker
* //= require jquery-ui to app/assets/javascripts/application.js
* cp jquery-ui-1.8.18.custom/css/ui-lightness/images to app/assets/stylesheets/images
* cp jquery-ui-1.8.18.custom/css/ui-lightness/jquery-ui-1.8.18.custom.css to app/assets/stylesheets/

h3. Markup
* github supported: https://github.com/github/markup
* markdown reference: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/
* textile reference: http://textile.thresholdstate.com/


h3. Tricks
* remove sensitive data from git repository: http://help.github.com/remove-sensitive-data/
http://gitready.com/beginner/2009/03/06/ignoring-doesnt-remove-a-file.html
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Requirements_analysis
* FURPS http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FURPS

